DO NOT MERGE [Workers KV] KV product tile (#9656)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/kv/api/read-key-value-pairs.md

---
pcx_content_type: concept
title: Read key-value pairs
weight: 7
---

# Read key-value pairs

To get the value for a given key, call the `get()` method on any KV namespace you have bound to your Worker code:

```js
NAMESPACE.get(key);
```

The `get()` method returns a promise you can `await` on to get the value. If the key is not found, the promise will resolve with the literal value `null`.

> The `get()` method may return stale values. If a given key has recently been read in a given location, changes to the key made in other locations may take up to 60 seconds to be visible. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `get()` method may return stale values. If a given key has recently been read in a given location, changes to the key made in other locations may take up to 60 seconds to display.
```
